Abstract. Development of EDA technology has changed the traditional electronic design methods. Widely used in large-scale FPGA and other programmable logic devices, electronic design and software programming becomes as easy and quick. Advances in electronic design technology, but also changed the traditional frequency meter design. It exists conventional frequency measurement method using an analog circuit frequency characteristic measurement frequency, but also the use of a digital pulse counting frequency measurement method. With the development of digital circuit technology to pulse count based on the law derived from a variety of improved digital frequency measurement method, measurement accuracy, fast response measurement and other aspects have been greatly improved. This paper analyzes the direct frequency measurement method and measurement principle cycle frequency measurement method, which are explained in frequency measurement method of producing ¡À 1 count error reasons.
Frequency meter design technology with the development of electronic circuit technology and gradually move forward, the early frequency meter design using discrete components, long design cycles, poor stability, and the finished product volume, high power consumption. Development of digital electronic technology and integrated circuits, so that the digital frequency meter wide applications, digital frequency meter circuit and microcontroller unit can be used to design and implementation. Compared to a discrete piece of frequency meter, a digital frequency meter to improve the stability, reducing the volume, but there is still a digital frequency meter circuit complex, long design cycles and other shortcomings, digital frequency meter measuring range is limited, to measure signals of different frequencies are designed to be a part of the circuit, poor flexibility. 20th century, with the development of microelectronics technology advances and computer technology, both in the mutual promotion to FPGA family, represented by application of programmable logic devices becoming more common. Programmable logic device programmed by the universal integrated circuit integrated onto a single silicon chip the size of a small, exponentially reducing the size of the circuit, and because traces short, reduce interference and increase system reliability. Because such devices can be reconstructed through software programming and its structure and working methods of the hardware, such as hardware design software design as convenient, it brings a great deal of flexibility in the design of digital circuit system. With the integration of programmable logic devices have been expanding, continuously improve and enhance their own computer-aided design technology capabilities, EDA in modern electronic system design field was born.